lacks the conference of municipal and federal and local deputies
with all the company the municipal presidents
in the fourteenth century
you as explained
and elected municipal presidents
of the region is very happy to greet you
you can see them alters you alters providers of tourist services that here we
accompany
next to the president of awareness in favor of the company
but very special
savior women that men men and women
that young talents
thank you
to have your presence
because it will be of great transcendence and significant
which the verdict as is the nerve center part work
that will surely be detonated to have more economic development seems region
it will be shared
with population of this place
for hundred Serbs it was satisfying to go through the state to be
in permanent contact with citizens
listen and collect from their own citizens their main demands
main concerns
but that doing it also
be the reason for my presence the delivery of works that benefit the population
as an expert we are delivering
the benefit not only of the worship of ixtapan of salt but of all the
region
southern state of this southern region of our entity
I am convinced as the kings the communications secretary
that the only way to detonate to give more impetus to economic development
of the state
this time the biggest army
that is why I have committed myself throughout this management of this management
We will be committed to developing
greater road infrastructure
bigger roads better roads rehabilitating the ones we already have
modernizing them
giving them the use of
maintenance and conservation of roads that the state has
and on the other hand
also introduce new mass transport systems especially in the
areas of greater agglomeration that our entity so much demands
especially issues
pillars
and triggers of the economic security that we want to promote in the state of
mexico that is a condition of the governor and my government
for that reason we are working on marches
inns
in an accelerated way
why I can not help but recognize
Beijing's work is to collaborate in the areas of the secretariat of
communications and transport
ceremonies in his honor
at the local road board
because they were
certainly fear of the best effort
in this effort
and if it is true or collaborators and part of this government team
we are in the same commitment
we will see now
just over five years four months ahead and the time I learned
we have to work at an accelerated pace
that allows us to really crystallize in results the commitments I assumed 30
trains
when I was a candidate
to sign before a notary public and I think we are already working and fulfilling
Between both
fcc said they will be following throughout the session
working intensely
Fully fulfilling its commitments
why I always insist it is very satisfactory
to be in events like this where gives me the opportunity to heal the people of
the region
the first contact with you to save them from more likely that also
collect
in the comment in the greeting
what is your main concern
register it and to the extent
the government is as much as possible when losing
to give satisfactory and favorable solutions
is in the dynamics of this government
that adds
to this dynamic
the side of pinter is the government to keep closeness through the
citizen integration councils these citizen councils
what irak soldiers that the population of each place
and that the government has identified as channels of dialogue with its
authorities with their municipal authority and with the state's own
for the government to leave
be at the height
is the answer
to the most felt demands
most pressing
of the population of each place
I thank you for your presence
the undersecretary of communications has made a
broad reference
for different highway projects
we are already
realizing the state and others more than we will be
and if something with zion
bohórquez crisis
my biggest commitment
standard of the entity a greater road infrastructure
highway
and transport services that are triggers of the economic development of
the different regions of our state
this region without playing
will have consolidated his vocation
of tourist services
they will say many years have
and what to the extent that we increase the works of
infrastructure
several citizens the economic development of the region
and in consequence
because it is the last one we are looking for
in all these elections generate greater well-being
for mexiquenses families
greater development greater wealth that will have to be renewed hamas population
beneficiary of these actions congratulated the population of ixtapan de la sal
tonatico of coatepec flours delia guerrero
this work
benefits the entire region
but nothing else there is much still to be done
and that from now on, according to what, with the joint participation and
join efforts of the municipal governments we can increase our
capacity
to do more work the benefit of all of you I congratulate you unhappy with
the affection of always many congratulations jajajajajajajaja